README.md, before:

# Revamp

## TODO

- [x] Clean up the `ViewPatientsPage` component and split it up into chunks
- [] Address any type errors on the client side
- [] Look into setting up proper eslint rules for the code base as well as some fix check scripts that catch type errors globally
- [] Create exercises page with proper CRUD actions on client and server side
- [] Add more logic to the patients page table like filtering and sorting etc.
- [x] Make the patient input form not take full name in one text field but have seperate fields for first name and last name and possiby middle name
  - Requires many BE changes in the database tables as well as the hono routes
- [] Split up the zustand store folder into appropriate stores
- [] Create reusable helper function on the backend that will perform simple `getById` drizzle calls

## Current Practice/Practitioner creation flow

- When a practicioner goes to register, they have no PT practice affiliated with the software and are new customers.
  - The practitioner who is registering needs to enter initial round of information necessary for first time enrollment (email, practice name, address of practice, admin practitioner username, and license number)
  - As a first time enrollment, this practitioner will automatically be added as the admin for the practice.
  - Following successful completion, they are routed to their practice dashboard where second round of necessary information regarding the practice is required to be filled out.
- When a new practitioner needs to be added to the existing software, they do not go through the normal registration process.
  - They need to be given an invitation link by one of the admins of the practice where they are routed to a special portal to complete theyre enrollment for the practice they will be affiliated with.

## Current Exercise Data To Be Presented

- the **beginner**, **intermediate**, and **advanced** labels represent the **difficulty level** of each exercise. These labels help physical therapists:
  - **Beginner** (green badge) - Easier exercises suitable for patients just starting their recovery or with limited mobility
  - **Intermediate** (yellow badge) - Moderate difficulty exercises for patients who have progressed beyond basic movements
  - **Advanced** (red badge) - More challenging exercises for patients with good strength and mobility

The status would be managed by the physical therapist through the "Update Program" button, where they can:

- Assign new exercises (set to "pending")
- Activate exercises when patient is ready (change to "active")
- Mark exercises as completed when patient has mastered them
- Track session-by-session completion with the checkboxes

This creates a workflow where exercises progress from pending → active → completed as the patient advances through their rehabilitation program.

Commit message:

set up a new patient exercises table as well as removed the exercise_… (#16)
* set up a new patient exercises table as well as removed the exercise_ids field in the patients table

* Made changes the server side business logic regarding exercises and patients as well as the relationships between tables for patients and exercises

* set up mock data to visualize the patient exercise data being used on the client

* fixing errors

* refactored some docker and nginx config code and added eslint rule changes

* fixed more lint errors

* resolved typescript hono rpc inference issues

* readme update

* updates pushed to branch so i can delete the local project and clone fresh one

* made ids strings instead of numbers

* seeded the database with default platform assigned exercises

* created individual exercise page

---------

Co-authored-by: MikeKleyman <mkleyman@valleyit.com>

README.md, after:

# Revamp

## TODO

- [x] Clean up the `ViewPatientsPage` component and split it up into chunks
- [] Address any type errors on the client side
- [x] Look into setting up proper eslint rules for the code base as well as some fix check scripts that catch type errors globally
- [] Create exercises page with proper CRUD actions on client and server side
- [] Add more logic to the patients page table like filtering and sorting etc.
- [x] Make the patient input form not take full name in one text field but have seperate fields for first name and last name and possiby middle name
  - Requires many BE changes in the database tables as well as the hono routes
- [] Split up the zustand store folder into appropriate stores
- [] Create reusable helper function on the backend that will perform simple `getById` drizzle calls
- [] Add return types to fetch calls on the client (TS reasons)
- [] Look into bringing in pnpm workspace in order to use catalogs
- [] Make one shared eslint config for the client and server

## Current Practice/Practitioner creation flow

- When a practicioner goes to register, they have no PT practice affiliated with the software and are new customers.
  - The practitioner who is registering needs to enter initial round of information necessary for first time enrollment (email, practice name, address of practice, admin practitioner username, and license number)
  - As a first time enrollment, this practitioner will automatically be added as the admin for the practice.
  - Following successful completion, they are routed to their practice dashboard where second round of necessary information regarding the practice is required to be filled out.
- When a new practitioner needs to be added to the existing software, they do not go through the normal registration process.
  - They need to be given an invitation link by one of the admins of the practice where they are routed to a special portal to complete theyre enrollment for the practice they will be affiliated with.

## Current Exercise Data To Be Presented

- the **beginner**, **intermediate**, and **advanced** labels represent the **difficulty level** of each exercise. These labels help physical therapists:
  - **Beginner** (green badge) - Easier exercises suitable for patients just starting their recovery or with limited mobility
  - **Intermediate** (yellow badge) - Moderate difficulty exercises for patients who have progressed beyond basic movements
  - **Advanced** (red badge) - More challenging exercises for patients with good strength and mobility

The status would be managed by the physical therapist through the "Update Program" button, where they can:

- Assign new exercises (set to "pending")
- Activate exercises when patient is ready (change to "active")
- Mark exercises as completed when patient has mastered them
- Track session-by-session completion with the checkboxes

This creates a workflow where exercises progress from pending → active → completed as the patient advances through their rehabilitation program.
